Feat(Mesh): Issue identity with MeshIdentity Spire provider (#5152)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/mesh/meshidentity/test-connectivity.md

> 1. Port-forward the `demo-app` service on port `5050`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a tunnel from `localhost:5050` on your machine to the service's port inside the cluster, by port-forwarding the `demo-app` service on port `5050`:
```
